*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――The “Giant Eye,” Izmail, was a valiant warrior of the Cyclops Tribe and the hope of his clan.
In the center of his valiant face, a large blue eye fixed its gaze clearly on the future without hesitation. ――No, it had once fixed its gaze. 

Now, Izmail's single eye was a sign of ominousness, as if a golden moon was floating in a dark night.

Izmail: [――――]

In order to raise the reputation of his tribe, Izmail bravely joined the battle for the Imperial capital, aiming to capture the head of Emperor Vincent Vollachia as a traitor. True to his reputation, he broke through the defenses of the regular army and quickly reached the castle walls.

However, Izmail's advance was halted at that point.

The unleashed prison flames burned down Izmail, the 'Giant Eye,' and all the Cyclops warriors who followed him, leaving him half-dead. Even though he managed to survive, he ultimately fell under the pursuit of the merciless enemy's attack.

Yes, he was supposed to have died. 

Izmail: [――――]

Izmail's body was blown to pieces by the artillery fire, and he was supposed to have died without a doubt.

Despite that, Izmail rose from the burned and blown-up body, growing new limbs, and walked through the war-torn Imperial capital, carrying his weapon, a battle axe, on his shoulder.

He moved his cold, lifeless body with nothing but a strong, swirling feeling of hatred――.

Izmail:: [――Where are you, you repulsive beast?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Todd: [Up until now, we've only faced small fry, and haven't come across anyone on the level of a former “General”. But the opponent ahead of us will be more than a match for that. Such a bother.]

Subaru: [When you say “General”...]

Todd: [There may be exceptions who are evaluated for their military tactics and strategic acumen, but in most cases, it's their own skill that counts. This guy is one of those... not comparable to a General First-Class, but he definitely has the potential to become a General Second-Class.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [If we were to compare by simple ability, he could kill all of us by himself.]

With a nonchalant attitude, Todd wrapped up his hopeless report of their annihilation.

A formidable zombie awaited them―― how deadly he was to the group was a signal that the dumb luck that had protected them up to this point had run out.

Katya: [B, but, You're a cunning guy; you can figure something out, right? You've done so well so far, with the help of these kids.]

Katya said, her voice rose while her eyes clung to Todd.

The kids she referred to were Subaru and Beatrice, who were magically crystallizing zombies, and Tanza, who was destroying enemies who might have slipped through.

Fortunately, Louis has not had to come in to protect Rem and the rest of the followers so far, and the two main attackers, together with Todd's good judgment, have paved the way for the team's success so far.

However――,

Todd: [When there is a certain level of parity in strength, brute force can be effective. However, when facing an opponent with a significant power gap, it becomes meaningless. No matter how hard the wind blows, it cannot bring down a castle.]

Louis: [U…]

Flop: [So, you think this is a hard road to go down, Soldier-kun?]

Todd: [Yes.―― I'd like to say that, but we can’t change our path so easily.]

He nodded halfway through Flop's words, and then he shook his head. He then turned his head to their former path and to the Crystal Palace.

Todd: [What’s more, that side is settled. Water will be coming soon.]

As Todd emotionlessly pointed out, a roar dominated the sky in the far distance.

As they looked in the same direction as him, they saw a huge humanoid figure that collided with the "Dragon" near the Crystal Palace. Both of its knees were destroyed, and its crumpled body fell to the ground, breaking the castle's perimeter.

Behind the dense plume of smoke, the white dragon that defeated the gigantic God unleashed a roaring cry.

If that were a battle cry that resounded so loudly, the living creatures, including zombies, would not be able to comprehend that scene.

Todd: [If our earlier guess is correct...]

Subaru: [I don't know if we can make it in time to go back the way we came and find another route.]

Beatrice: [I suppose.]

It was a conclusion that could drive them further and further into a corner, but as they put into words the course of events that they have no choice but to consider, Beatrice, who joined hands with Subaru, also affirmed Subaru's idea.

Todd pulled back his chin in response, and Tanza raised her hand modestly, "Well," she said.

Tanza: [Then the situation is deadlocked, correct? We have a powerful enemy in front of us, but even if we went back, time would not allow it.]

Flop: [Ha ha, Miss Tanza, that is a very scary conclusion. It's true that if we chose only the data we’ve been told then I can’t calm down this deadlock feeling, but I'm sure there are moves left that we can take!]

Tanza: [For example?]

Flop: [That's not for me to know, though! I’m sure someone is here who does, right?]

In response to Flop’s statement, Tanza, who had had difficulty changing her emotions, raised her calm eyebrows and turned her gaze.

In situations like this, it made Subaru happy and grateful that people thought of him when the topic of someone they could rely on came up. There was pressure too, but it also made him feel like he had to meet their expectations.

Furthermore――,

Rem: [Somehow, can you do it?]

Yes, Tanza was not the only one who had high hopes for Subaru.

Subaru: [――――]

Rem, who was pushing the wheelchair, holding Katya, and clutching the handle to the point that her fingers had turned white, asked him this question with shaking pale blue eyes.

It was something more fragile, like a sandcastle on thin ice, compared to the total trust that Katya, just in front of her, had for Todd.

Even so, Subaru's heart was excited.

Having been vigilant towards Todd, who was accompanying them, Subaru was able to pull his attention back to the task at hand and utilize his mind to its fullest.

Todd: [If we don't decide quickly on whether to go or return, we won't make it in time.]

While Subaru was brainstorming, Todd had repeated the requirements as a reminder to him.

If we go, all we need is strength. If we are going back, all we need is luck and time. ――If Return by Death is an option, the latter may have a better chance of success.

Subaru: [No, I’m not so sure.]

If I keep repeating Return by Death and eliminating the incorrect routes, we may eventually be able to reach another way out by the shortest route, but that is an idea that assumes there is a goal.

If we can't make it in time by whatever route we take, we can't choose the latter option.

On the other hand, if the option to fight is chosen――,

Subaru: [To be able to fight against a strong opponent…]

Among the group fleeing with Subaru, only Beatrice with Subaru, Louis, Tanza, Todd, and Idra could have been counted as having decent fighting strength.

Of these, Subaru was like a bonus for Beatrice, and Idra wanted to be entrusted with escorting non-combatants such as Rem and Katya, Flop and the fake Crown Princes.

In effect, there are four people who can serve as combatants - Beatrice, Louis, Tanza, and Todd―― and when the only person I can trust is a brilliant young girl, I can't afford to laugh it off.

Yes, Subaru was just thinking this.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru looked up with his hand on his chin in contemplation, and his gaze met with Todd's, who looked in Subaru's direction at exactly the same moment.

At that instant, lightning flashed in Subaru's head, and the electrifying feeling of it felt very reliable, like a potent medicine.

The reason was――,

Subaru & Todd: [――Let’s kill that zombie.]

――Because Subaru was acutely aware in his soul that they had both intuited their mutual conclusion at the same time and that what it would take to accomplish it would be a combination of strength and wisdom.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Izmail turned himself around the moment he heard a loud noise, unlike the others in nature.

Izmail: [――――]

His burned body replaced by a brand-new, cracked one, Izmail, hero of the Cyclops Tribe, opens his legs wide and lowers his posture to catch the approach of a large shadow in his single eye.

Izmail stood in the street, flying in a parabola above his head was, as if by some joke, one of the houses that make up the Imperial City that had been pulled out of the street in its entirety.

Forcibly torn from the ground and thrown, spilling pieces all over the ground and walls, scattering crumbs like a loaf of bread, but the reality is not that pretty, and most people would be crushed to death.

Even though――,

Izmail: [――How slow!]

Izmail, the "Giant Eye," is outside the bounds of most humans.

The flying house is on a trajectory to land in the center of the street, leaving only the front and back as escape routes once the left and right sides are tightly blocked.

But to dare to provide an escape route is to play right into their hands.

Accordingly, Izmail did not flee forward or backward, but raised his battle-axe.

Izmail easily maneuvers his huge axe with one hand, which would normally require two strong warriors to lift, cutting through the obstacle with ease.

The same fate befell the house thrown on this occasion.

At the moment of contact, the blade of the axe, slashing directly up from below, entered the leading edge of the house and sliced the large house into two vertical sections with a slash that scraped the large man across the groin.

The divided house ends its role as a home with the furniture, dishes, and clothing left by the householders smashed into the streets, without any damage to Izmail's physical body.

However――

Izmail: [――Hk.]

Izmail, immediately after unleashing his spectacular move, was hit in the face by a rock.

Of course, this would not work against the Cyclops Tribe, whose eyesight is unparalleled compared to that of other races. With squinted eyes and a tilted head, Izmail dodged the flying projectiles and ducked into the swirling dust of the house.
 
The "enemy" is in the direction from which both the house and the stone were thrown.

――The Cyclops Tribe's pupil technique allows Izmail's view of the world to be switched.

Izmail's eye, capable of capturing a target's emotions in color, saw multiple flickers of red in the direction of the attack being thrown. ――The color of will to fight.

That in itself is desirable, and Izmail's whole body becomes filled with strength.

In this siege of the Imperial City, or in a battle against bandits or another race, there is nothing more degrading than fighting those who do not bear the color of a warrior.

It is only in such battles, warrior against warrior, fighter against fighter, there is value in a contest of skill.

The source of his animosity that drives Izmail's supposedly dead body is largely due to his honor for such a universal martial honor, and the fact that it has been defiled.

Izmail: [Come here――]

Stepping onto the dirt-strewn streets, Izmail's body advances toward the enemy.

The same stone projectiles are thrown as before to intercept him, and the next massive projectile ――a house follows in a parabolic trajectory, although, he does not consider it a cowardly or weak man's tactic.

It was a fine tactic. Only with respect, he must destroy it.

Izmail: [A warrior's death must come at the hands of a warrior.]

The speed and accuracy of the incoming stones are quite high, and although he responds with a minimal amount of ducking and parrying with his raised battle axe, it becomes inevitable that his bones will be shattered if he receives a proper hit.

Needless to say, the massive house was thrown into the air with such force that it would immediately render the target incapacitated.

However――,

Izmail: [Don't think it's your only exclusive right to send something flying!"

The howling Izmail swung his battle axe, blowing away the second house cannonball, driving the edge of the weapon into the street with such force that it ripped away the ground of the Imperial Capital.

Continuing to rip up to the ground, Izmail swung his long leg around and launched a kick that blew it forward like a shotgun blast. Naturally, he did not expect this to be an effective strike against the enemy across the street.

Izmail: [Just a distraction, but…]

Unlike the Cyclops Tribe, other races without special eyes are unable to see through the curtain of dust that danced around them.

Izmail hid within the dust and shattered street debris, which clearly lowered the chance of being hit by the stones being thrown at him, giving Izmail a reprieve to advance further.

Izmail: [A big man and a little girl――]

If Izmail peeks through the curtain of smoke, he can clearly see the other side and can see that there is a man and a girl.

The man takes the role of keeping Izmail in check with stones, and the small girl beside him pulls from the ground an entire house and throws it into the air as a massive projectile.

It is a well-coordinated effort, but at the same time, what is disconcerting is the inexperienced way in which they act.

Izmail, who has honed his skills on the battlefield, understood.

Neither of the two, who had gone on the offensive, were genuine warriors. Nevertheless, they had developed a warrior's spirit, which was indeed noble for Izmail, who was the target of the attack.

Sometimes the battlefield can transform a non-warrior into a warrior in an instant.

The same thing is happening with that man and the girl.

Izmail: [Magnificent.]

Voicing his praise, paying them respect, he must kill them no matter what.

With absolute perfection, with no hesitation whatsoever, without even the slightest of errors, he must thoroughly slaughter them. Eradicating every last part of their lives, he must choke the very life out of them. 

He must tear them limb from limb, rip off their heads, and drink in the blood of their eviscerated hearts――.

Izmail: [――――]

He could feel the fierce craving for death, blood, and lives flare up within his own mind. 

At the same time, as Izmail tore through the third house cannonball, a shrill noise resounded as the window glass shattered, and therein he saw himself reflected. 

Izmail was smiling.

The corners of his mouth contorted as if to applaud the malevolent heat that flowed through his cold body, in which no real blood circulated. A heinous smile reeking of naught but blood, one that had never once been worn on his face when he was still alive. 

Izmail: [Haha, hahaha, HAHAHAHAHA!]

Instead of feeling repugnance at that smile, a vehement exhilaration boiled inside of him, and erupted with the sound of laughter. 

As he laughed, and kept laughing, he struck down a stray hit of the pebbles flying in his direction. Plunging towards the next house-cannonball, he tore through it with his battleaxe as he made his suicide attack. 

They continued to hurl things at him while they retreated back, and he leapt towards the two warriors―― No, he leapt towards his prey. 

Slamming his battleaxe towards the fifth building, which seemed to be their final resistance, Izmail would try and bless his boiling “blood” would be blessed with real blood, and――,

???: [――As expected, only having one eyeball really confines your vision, doesn’t it?]

Izmail: [――――]

The house flew in a parabolic arc, and tearing down its front door with his axe, he would propagate that destructive power, and cause the entirety of the bending building materials to burst like a bubble. 

Just before that could happen, somebody’s ridicule struck Izmail’s eardrums. 

――No, no no no no no, absolutely not. 

That was not the ridicule of “somebody”.

For Izmail, that voice was the utmost abhorrent, a symbol of malevolence, a target of detestation.

Izmail: [YOU――!!]

His raised morale from just before had vanished, and a chilly bloodlust dominated Izmail’s entire body.

The one seen by Izmail’s widened black-stained golden eye was a single orange-haired imperial soldier, lying flat on the floor of the destroyed house――.

――Undoubtedly, he was the sworn enemy who had brought about Izmail’s Death. 

Izmail: [――RAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!]

That instant, twisting his body in a burst of rage, Izmail’s battleaxe changed its trajectory. 

It changed from a vertical axe strike which would have split the house right in half, to a slanted trajectory in an instant, and was about to strike down upon the prone imperial soldier――,

Izmail: [――oh.]

Just before he could drive all of his might into his sworn enemy, the imperial soldiers suddenly vanished from Izmail’s field of view, as the latter rode the motivation of his own war cry.

It was not something of this dimension, like moving at an intense speed.

Quite literally, he had vanished.

Izmail: [――――]

The next moment, Izmail’s thoughts were completely painted over by black and white. 

The hatred that had burst out towards his sworn enemy had lost its destination, and his mind was dominated by the blankness caused by the strange phenomenon. But, just before that moment, Izmail’s “Giant Eye” had perceived a discrepancy. 

It had perceived a young girl of long golden hair, clung to the leather belt of his prone sworn enemy’s detestable form.

Izmail: [――――]

The reason and intention was unclear, however, he did not think that information was irrelevant. 

Even though the time of contact was short, there was no way that the imperial soldier would thoughtlessly carry unnecessary things, such was the negative trust that stole Izmail’s thoughts away.

Thereupon――,

Izmail: [――Gah!!?]

A piercing impact bore through Izmail’s left shoulder, and he released a cry of pain.

Within the house where the destruction had been interrupted, what pierced through the walls and struck Izmail, whether it was precisely aimed or just a lucky shot, was a pebble fired at a high speed.

His bones would break if struck by that, and in accordance with that belief, that force caused Izmail’s left shoulder to explode violently, and as a result, Izmail’s body would begin to scream―― But that did not come to pass.

Izmail’s body had lost the color of blood, and cracks had formed in several places on his skin. When the pebble struck him, a terribly short sound rang out, and it shattered. 

It was just as if Izmail himself was the same as the window glass of the destroyed houses. 

Izmail: [――――]

For a moment, Izmail stopped thinking about his shattered left arm.

However, while he was surprised, thanks to the expected pain not being present, his consciousness wasn’t being torn to pieces. Consequently, he did not miss the next change.

Izmail: [My arm…]

His arm, shattered at the shoulder and nearly falling to the floor of the leaning house, regenerated through inexplicable movements as if time was turning back, cracks were filled, and the shattered pieces returned and were repaired.

In less than two seconds, his arm appeared like it had never been shattered.

Izmail: [Haa!!]

He quickly switched the battleaxe in his right hand to his freshly repaired left hand, and with the intention of checking the feel of it, Izmail let his axe loose with force, this time blasting the half-destroyed house cannonball.

A building made of a combination of stone and wood was destroyed, bathing Izmail with debris as he stood outside after breaking through it――like that, he reached out his right hand towards the approaching hostility.

He caught a flying fist-sized stone head-on with his outstretched right hand.

If the impact wasn’t parried, the bones in his right hand would naturally be painfully broken. But Izmail's body deviated from how a human body would be injured and would break down like inorganic matter instead.

It had been restored to its original state with more resilience than a human body’s ability to heal.

Izmail: [This is the true nature of this body…!]

Izmail, moved by a burning hatred, unconsciously turned away from the unnatural situation in which he was placed.

Brought to life by an inexplicable resurrection, this hideous body kept Izmail away from blood, pain, and even “death,” which were essential parts of life.

In that case――,

Izmail: [――Ha]

Breathing out, Izmail saw below him the sight he desired.

The man and girl who had been boldly attacking Izmail, and the one standing right behind them was the cowardly enemy who vanished just before his attacks could reach him.

With an unknown technique, he vanished in a moment from Izmail’s eyes, appearing behind the two and joining forces with those warriors.

At that moment, the admiration for the warriors that had just been there reversed and turned into a thick hatred.

Izmail: [All of you, pay for this mockery of war with your lives――!]

Izmail's body flew like an arrow as he kicked off the flying debris of a house.

As he approached straight towards the villains, having decided that there was not enough time to get to the next house, the little girl and the bearded man standing next to her began throwing stones.

However――,

Izmail: [――It doesn't work, doesn't work, doesn't work!]

Without wielding his battleaxe to fend them off, the stones caught Izmail at high speed, but Izmail's actions could not be stopped nor discouraged.

Even if a part was struck by a stone and shattered, it was instantly repaired and no damage was done.

With a new body that had given up the true feeling of life, Izmail tried to get the real feeling of life from somewhere else by bathing in blood, at which the faces of his enemies stiffened――,

Izmail: [――――]

As he stretched out his hand, he became aware of something.

The face of the bearded man, nor of the girl in a kimono, nor of the Imperial Soldier whom he had decided was his hated archenemy, had lost their spirit.

He realized at that moment that the bearded man and girl appeared red while his sworn enemy appeared blue once again.

――Izmail sensed the appearance of a presence behind him as he leapt toward his enemies.

Izmail: [――!]

Izmail's warrior instincts sounded the alarm, and he twisted in mid-air to look at the presence.

With his “Giant Eye” opened wide, a person who somehow managed to get behind him in this one moment was reflected in his golden eye――no, not one person. There were three shadows.

It was a boy with black hair and a girl in a dress in his arms.

And a blonde girl, who was by his sworn enemy a moment ago, clung to the boy's back.

All three, small but burning with red-hot fighting spirit, held up their hands.

Subaru and Beatrice: [El――]

At the mumbled chant, Izmail's warrior instincts were to instantly react by kicking debris.

However, restraining his instincts, Izmail extended his arm to swing his battleaxe. Without dodging his enemies’ attack nor stopping it, he basked in it while counterattacking.

An attack that was impossible with his body of the past, but now it was possible to slaughter his enemies with a slashing attack――,

Subaru and Beatrice: [Minya――!!]

Izmail dared to catch it as it flew straight at him, something radiating a purplish-blue glow.

He planned to counterattack from there, but he did not suspect anything.

――Izmail, the "Giant Eye," the hero of the Cyclops Tribe, would never have made such a foolish choice.
